eat(compute): revamp main branch (#1354)
scaleway/docs-content: compute/instances/reference-content/cost-optimized.mdx

---
meta:
  title: The right Instance for development purposes
  description: Find out more about Instances from Scaleway's Cost-Optimized range, such as Development and General Purpose Instances.
content:
  h1: The right Instance for development purposes
  paragraph: Find out more about Instances from Scaleway's Cost-Optimized range, such as Development and General Purpose Instances.
dates:
  validation: 2023-02-22
  posted: 2023-02-22
categories: 
  - compute
tags: instance type development DEV range cost-optimized general-purpose general purpose GP PLAY2 PRO2 play pro
---

> An Instance is a compute unit in the cloud. Scaleway supports several [types of Instances](/compute/instances/reference-content/choosing-instance-type), each with their own set of resources, unique value propositions, and technical specifications. Each Instance supports the essential operating systems and distributions, as well as customized [Instantapps](/compute/instances/concepts/#instantapp).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Instance is a virtual machine in the cloud. Scaleway supports several [types of Instances](/compute/instances/reference-content/choosing-instance-type), each with their own set of resources, unique value propositions, and technical specifications. Each Instance supports the essential operating systems and distributions, as well as customized [Instantapps](/compute/instances/concepts/#instantapp).
```
